so I just came around the corner
found this female on the beach
here and i thought i recognized
she's one of one of the mothers
as having come so i was looking
for the Cubs all up in the
forest here Meryl's had haha
there and then right on this
diagonal load here and the
bottom one is obviously got
edged keeps grabbing a branch
thinking that is a raising these
cultures would be brilliant
climate that's how the female
defend them from male bears that
want to kill them dog Center
Cubs up the tree and the Cubs
can climb so high and really
really fast
special places on the tree
we're just about to go to sleep
and back inhale some crashing
and said you hit that back and
then I had a noise that I've had
many times before and it
and it's the noise that the
mother makes to her cuts so I
immediately knew that there were
cubs so we decided to count the
10 to find out that the tree
literally two feet from the
front door 10 had to back hugs
up it
ok let's just back up so that
you come down okay sorry guys
sorry guys we're gonna get out
of the way and you can go back
tomorrow okay sorry
headboards down their mind
pretty amazing experience and
another reminder how much of a
wild place is very cool so
there's the bag
is decided to climb a tree and
here is our 10 and mom's coming
to get them
okay there we go but was still
want that night to still on
yeah
ok and you get
just go down the trail down good
yeah yeah that's one angry
little backup have fun his back
of all the trees
okay bye-bye one of our team
members launches a drone and all
the sudden bear started charging
Alan runs out and grab the drone
like that before .